Yes, yes, yes...no, no, no no no! Yes! No! Peppers!
My favorite food is the local insects.
Pain is temporary. Victory is forever!
Today, vegetables. Tomorrow, the world.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals. 
I see you eyeing the big red button on my desk. Just go ahead and press that button. See where it gets you.
Don't let anyone know this, but the lady down the street told me that her [REDACTED] with a bucket and a [REDACTED]. The whole place went up in flames. [REDACTED] which left them without corn. Crazy, right?
The beauty of today is ruined by the sight of you.
Eating ketchup with pancakes is punishable by jail.
MMMMMMM WATCHYA SAAYYYYYY...
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Welcome to Walmart, can I take your order?
I've got just what you need, unless what you need is a snake venom antidote. Poor kid got sent to the Cobra Pit.
I'd rather be a mole rat than your mum.
It's difficult to comprehend the lengths I'd go to be short.
I looked into a mirror and saw another person. It was ME.
Why can't monsters die from bubbles. All these metal weapons break my back.
Adventurers, always coming through here with magic armor or fae swords. Why can't you lot just be normal?
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen. Just die by thine own hand.
The secret to my wonderful life is crime.
My favorite food is eye of newt between two beet-bread slices and some frog slime on top. Are you okay? You're looking kind of green.
My cousin's white water rafting trip was unexpectedly cut short by a brick wall.
You seem to like suffering in this tower. Would a bed of nails peak your interest?
Sorry I can't read.
Be gay, do crime, my friend.
The adventurer before you spiked his hair green to support his iguana. 
Khajit has wares if you have coin.
Until I can make some sins up to Gary, I'm forced to deal with you.
My milkshakes bring all the Ghormounthers to the yard. This is bad.
'I've been working here for a long time. Trust me, I've seen crazier things than your ragtag band.' That's what you want me to say isn't it?
GET VIBE CHECKED.

